h1. spf_js

p. JavaScript management plugin for "Textpattern":http://www.textpattern.com/.

p. Create, edit and delete scripts in Textpattern admin and export on save to external files.

p. REQUIRES: Texpattern 4.4.1 and PHP 5.

p. Please read the instructions and notes below before use.

p. A combination of two previously-released plugins: stm_javascript by Stanislav Müller and rvm_css by Ruud van Melick. Thanks to the original authors and to Jukka (Gocom) and Stef (Bloke) for invaluable feedback.

p. Features include exporting scripts as files to a directory, optional "type" attribute @type="text/javascript"@ and changing the tag argument from @n=@ to @name=@ to bring it in line with default css syntax.

p. Re-written for Textpattern 4.4.1 to mimic the Presentation &gt; Style tab.

p. *Now with support for "Minify":http://code.google.com/p/minify*.

p. "DOWNLOAD":https://raw.github.com/spiffin/spf_js/master/spf_js.txt



h2. Instructions:

# Create a directory for the static JavaScript files in the root of your textpattern installation. You should make sure that <span class="caps">PHP</span> is able to write to that directory.
# Visit the Advanced Preferences (Admin &gt; Preferences &gt; Advanced) and make sure the "JavaScript directory" preference contains the directory you created in step 1 (by default 'js'). This path is relative path to the directory of your root Textpattern installation.
# Activate this plugin.
# Go to Presentation &gt; JavaScript and create JavaScripts you'd like to embed within your page templates.
# JavaScript files are stored in the database (for easy management and editing) and, on save, exported to a directory in your website where they can be referenced (as external JavaScript) with the tag below.
# For minification you must install "Minify":http://code.google.com/p/minify - just upload the 'min' directory to your web root for basic usage.</a>


h2. Tags:

@<txp:spf_js /> (embeds the default JavaScript file)@

@<txp:spf_js name="myscript" /> (embeds the JavaScript file named "myscript")@

h3. HTML output:

@<script src="http://mysite.com/js/myscript.js"></script>@

h3. "type" attribute

p. By default the plugin outputs a script tag without the ""type" attribute":http://www.w3schools.com/html5/tag_script.asp (required in XHTML/HTML4 but optional in HTML5).

p. To include a "type" attribute just use the @type="1"@ argument:

@<txp:spf_js name="myscript" type="1" />@

p. Outputs:

@<script type="text/javascript" src="http://mysite.com/js/myscript.js"></script>@

h3. "min" attribute

p. You can now minify your JavaScripts dynamically *requires "Minify":http://code.google.com/p/minify* installed in the standard (DocumentRoot/min) location.

p. @<txp:spf_js name="myscript" min="1" />@

p. Outputs:

p. @<script src="http://mysite.com/min/f=js/myscript.js"></script>@

p. (Works with or without the "type" attribute.)



h2. Notes:

# Don't use non-alphanumeric characters in script names (if you try to they'll be stripped).
# The plugin will convert your script names to lowercase.
# The plugin will throw an error if you try to embed a non-existent script - similar to: @Tag error:   ->  Textpattern Notice: The requested resource was not found. "script_name"@.
# &mdash; In which case check the script exists and your embed tag for typos.
# "min" attribute assumes Minify is installed in standard (DocumentRoot/min) location.


h2. stm_javascript

p. If stm_javascript is installed and activated you will see two JavaScript tabs in Presentation - one named 'Javascript' (stm_javascript - with lowercase 's') and another 'JavaScript' (spf_js - uppercase 'S'). You can copy and paste scripts from stm_javascript to spf_js - and then disable stm_javascript. It's not advisable to run both plugins simultaneously.



h2. Language support (Textpack)

p. This plugin uses an English Textpack by default and installs both French (fr-fr) and German (de-de) Textpacks.

p. To use your own language see the "spf_js_textpack":https://raw.github.com/spiffin/spf_js/master/spf_js_textpack.txt file in this repository.



h2. Version history

0.4 - May 2012
* Added "Minify":http://code.google.com/p/minify support.

0.3 - May 2012
* Fixed delete issue with script names containing dots (thanks Yiannis).

0.2 - April 2012
* French &amp; German Textpacks added (thanks Patrick &amp; Uli);
* added compatibility with the syntax-highlighting "spf_codemirror":https://github.com/spiffin/spf_codemirror.

0.1 - April 2012
* first release.